---
title: Q3 基础建设类 阅读&听力
tags:
  - 口语
categories:
  - 托福
icon: fa-search-plus
date: 2019-04-27 14:35:43
---



<!--more-->

```html
<!--错题标识-->
<i class="fa fa-times" aria-hidden="true" style="color:red"></i>
<!--注意标识-->
<i class="fa fa-star" aria-hidden="true" style="color:orange"></i>
<!--隐藏按钮-->
<button onclick="autoHide('name_here')">30s 自动隐藏</button>
<!--div-->
<div id="name" data-flag=true></div>
```

## TPO 15
### University Should Pave Running Trails
#### 阅读材料
<div data-time=45 id="q1" data-flag=true>
The university has about three miles of unpaved dirt running trails that pass through the forest near campus. I think these trails should be paved with cement. One reason for paving the trails would be to increase their safety. When it rains, the dirt turns to mud and becomes very slippery, so the runners who use them can slip and fall. Pavement would solve this problem. Also, paving would make the trails look nicer, which would encourage students to use them. Bumps in the trail would be smoothed out and weeds would be paved over, making the trail more attractive to runners.
Sincerely, 
Sally Jacobs
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q1', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

#### 听力材料
<audio src="https://img.kmf.com/toefl/listening/audio/42dde980f5eaebffd1c0623e8a8dda59.mp3" controls></audio>


#### 精听
* disagree
* R1: it would hurt yourself when runing on a hard surface, like your bones and joints. the soft surface would be better for runner.
* R3: it'll make less people to use it, since students want to take a rest after class. this trail also mean a choice for students to close nature in this campus.
#### 精读
* campus has to pave trails
* R1: increase runner safety.
* R2: making trails looks better.

## TPO 17
### New Library Workspaces
#### 阅读材料
<div data-time=45 id="q2" data-flag=true>
Say good-bye to the big, multiperson study tables in Turner Library. This summer, the tables will be exchanged for new personal study cubicles—small, one-person desks enclosed by walls. These new units will allow students to have privacy and work in isolation and will therefore eliminate noise in the library so students can concentrate. Additionally, the cubicles will enable the library to accommodate the recent increase in the number of students attending our university. Although the current tables seat six students each, they make poor use of the available floor space. The cubicles, on the other hand, are designed for maximum space efficiency, and the library can therefore add 50 new seats.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q2', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

#### 听力材料
<audio src="https://img.kmf.com/toefl/listening/audio/b145cf3a2d2e3f4b986db7dbb6d8036b.mp3" controls></audio>


#### 精听
* disagree
* R1: waste money. there no room for students doing their team work if campus decide to replace old tables. and school should spend money on meeting room where students can do team work and reduce noise in library areas.
* R2: there is not crowed in library even though more students enrolled this year. students always can get whole table for work.
#### 精读
* campus wants to replace old tables
* offering students isolated room to do their work
* acommodating more room for new students enrolled this year.

## [TPO 19](https://toefl.kmf.com/detail/speak/d1fwrj.html)
### Fee Increase for Recreation Center Use
#### 阅读材料
<div data-time=45 id="q3" data-flag=true>
The university administration today announced a \$25 increase in the student fee for using the campus recreation center. The higher fee, which all students are required to pay, will provide funds to upgrade the facility and provide newer, more modern exercise equipment at the center. "We expect the improvements to increase student use of the facility," explained David Smith, director of the student activities office. Mr. Smith also noted that the decision was approved because "we feel that \$25 is a reasonable increase that will be affordable for individual students."
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q3', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

#### 听力材料
<audio src="https://img.kmf.com/toefl/listening/audio/488e8bae1af062dc1be58d4fcfcea6d9.mp3" controls></audio>


#### 精听
* I think the director's right that they'd *get more use out of it this way*.
  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/7985/65280_20180413150253.mp3" controls></audio>
  我觉得校长说得没错，这样大家就能更好地利用这个地方了。
* Students can get pretty stressed out if they don't get some exercise.
  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/7985/65282_20180413150253.mp3" controls></audio>
  学生们如果不锻炼身体的话很可能会压力过大的。
* And instead of some little thing, we get a recreation center people might actually use.
  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/7985/65291_20180413150253.mp3" controls></audio>
  而且比起那些小东西而言，我们得到的可是所有人实际都能用的休闲中心啊。


#### 精读
* recreation 娱乐

## [TPO 20](https://toefl.kmf.com/detail/speak/01fxbj.html)
### Energy costs reach sky-high levels
#### 阅读材料
<div data-time=45 id="q4" data-flag=true>
Heating prices, and the university's heating bills, reached record-high levels this year. In an effort to reduce heating costs, the university plans to lower the temperature in all classroom buildings on weekends and on weekdays after five P.M., when the day's classes have officially ended. Because classes will not be in session at these times, the reduced heat should have no negative impact on students and their studies. The university considers it essential that the cost-saving measures not interfere with student activities.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q4', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

#### 听力材料
<audio src="https://img.kmf.com/toefl/listening/audio/55362a636657febe748308c980bd8f4d.mp3" controls></audio>


#### 精听

#### 精读


## TPO 24
### Close the Campus Coffee house
#### 阅读材料
<div data-time=45 id="q5" data-flag=true>
I propose that the university close the campus coffeehouse. Coffeehouses are great, if people actually use them, like to socialize with friends, while enjoying a cup of coffee and a snack. But students are not using our campus coffeehouse. There are usually lots of empty tables when I pass by the place. It's just a waste of space that could be used for other things. Also, the food at the coffeehouse is not very good. The last time I was there, the cakes and muffins my friends and I ordered were dry and didn't have much flavor.
Sincerely,
Greg Smith
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q5', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

#### 听力材料
<audio src="https://img.kmf.com/toefl/listening/audio/5e37bf77ecadb768375c95c016361f9c.mp3" controls></audio>


#### 精听

#### 精读




<script type="text/javascript">
	function autoHide(divId, btn, isImme) {
    var div =  $("#"+divId)
    var flag = div.data("flag")
    var time = div.data("time")

    function doHide()  {
    	clearInterval(interval)
      div.hide()
      div.data("flag", !flag)
    }
    
    if(flag) {
    	if (isImme) {
        doHide()
    	} else {
      	var tmp = time - 1
        function showLable() {
          btn.innerHTML = (tmp) + "s 后隐藏"
          div.data("key", tmp)
          tmp -= 1
        }
        var interval = setInterval(showLable, 1000)
        setTimeout(doHide, 45000)
    	}
    } else {
      div.show()
      div.data("flag", !flag)
    }
    }
</script>