---
title: Q3 后勤服务类 阅读&听力
tags:
  - 口语
categories:
  - 托福
icon: fa-search-plus
date: 2019-04-26 13:03:02
---



<!--more-->

```html
<!--错题标识-->
<i class="fa fa-times" aria-hidden="true" style="color:red"></i>
<!--注意标识-->
<i class="fa fa-star" aria-hidden="true" style="color:orange"></i>
<!--隐藏按钮-->
<button onclick="autoHide('name_here', this, true/false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>
<!--div-->
<div data-time=45 id="name" data-flag=true></div>
```

## TPO 2
### Bus Service Elimination Planned
<div data-time=45 id="q1" data-flag=true>
The university has decided to discontinue its free bus service for students. The reason given for this decision is that few students ride the buses and the buses are expensive to operate. Currently, the buses run from the center of campus past university buildings and through some of the neighborhoods surrounding the campus. The money saved by eliminating the bus service will be used to expand the overcrowded student parking lots.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q1', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>


<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/61778j.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听
* I see your point. But I think the problem is the route'**s out-of-date**. 

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71959_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

* It only goes through the neighborhoods that've gotten too expensive for students to live in. 

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71960_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

  大意：它就只去一些好社区，而那些社区对学生来说居住成本太高了。

* It's ridiculous that they <u>**haven't**</u> already changed the route.

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71961_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

  * Haven't 否定词没听出来啊。

* you know, so it goes <u>where most off-campus students live now</u>.

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71962_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

  大意：所以呢，公交车实际上<u>是在很多校外生居住区域</u>运行。

* I <u>**bet if**</u> they did that **they'd get** plenty of students riding those buses.

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71963_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

  大意：我敢<u>**打赌，如果他们那样做（改变路线）**</u>，肯定会有很多学生选择坐公交的。

* And <u>**that'll**</u> just add to the noise around campus and create more traffic...

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71970_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

  * 注意 that'll 的读法。很经典

* and <u>**that'll increase**</u> the need for more parking spaces...

  <audio src="https://img.kmf.com/qmmp3/3954/71971_20180419182809.mp3" controls></audio>

  * Tha<u>**t'll i**</u>ncrease 连读！

#### 精读

* TODO: stop offering the free bus.
* R1: few students use it.
* R2: saving money to add more parking lots.


## TPO 3
### Hot Breakfasts Eliminated
<div data-time=45 id="q2" data-flag=true>
Beginning next month, Dining Services will no longer serve hot breakfast foods at university dining halls. Instead, students will be offered a wide assortment of cold breakfast items in the morning. These cold breakfast foods, such as breads, fruit, and yogurt, are healthier than many of the hot breakfast items that we will stop serving, so health-conscious students should welcome this change. Students will benefit in another way as well, because limiting the breakfast selection to cold food items will save money and allow us to keep our meal plans affordable.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q2', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/2177ej.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听

#### 精读
* TODO: stopping offering hot meal in the morning in the campus
* R1: good for students' health
* R2: saving more money

## TPO 8
### Music Coming to Cafeterias
<div data-time=45 id="q3" data-flag=true>
Mary Dixon, Director of the Student Life Committee, announced yesterday that beginning next semester university cafeterias will broadcast classical music during mealtimes. “Music will foster a more relaxed atmosphere.” said Dixon, "Students' lives are hectic, and mealtimes provide important opportunities to take a break and catch up with friends before moving on to the next class or assignment." Added Dixon. "We're also hoping that, if we provide the music, students will unplug their personal music devices—their walkmans and mp3 players or whatever—and will spend more time talking to each other. When students have their headphones on. they're not connecting with each other."
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q3', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/d1788j.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听
* disagree.
* R1: student sometime need to pay attention on their work, especially they have a coming examination or assignments. it'll disrupt students.
* R2: students don't like classical musics and this statement will let more students take their mp3 to listen to their own musics and block the music away.

#### 精读
* TODO: broadcasting classical music during mealtimes
* R1: offering a kind of relax atmosphere
* R2: help students unplug their personal music devices

## TPO 11
### Housing Renovations Planned
<div data-time=45 id="q4" data-flag=true>
Over the last ten years, the number of Central College students living on campus in dormitories has decreased by twenty percent. In an effort to counteract the trend, the college has announced a plan to renovate its on-campus housing. The renovations will take two years, and they will include improvements to the bathrooms, lighting, and heating in the dormitories. "A lot of people are moving off campus because the dorms aren‘t in great shape," explained the college president. "By renovating the dorms, we can make them more appealing than off-campus housing, and more students will choose to remain on campus."
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q4', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/6178qj.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读


## TPO 14
### University Should Allow Eating in Class
<div data-time=45 id="q5" data-flag=true>
Currently, there is a university-wide policy that prohibits eating in the classroom. I disagree with this policy. I think students should be allowed to eat in class. This change would be good for two reasons. For one thing, if students were permitted to eat, they would be able to concentrate better, because students often get hungry during long classes, and hunger makes it difficult to concentrate. Also, if food were allowed in classrooms, it would be possible for us to have in-class parties on the last day of class—with snack foods and beverages—to celebrate the end of each semester.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q5', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/a1798j.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读


## TPO 16
### Student Health Services Need Improvement
<div data-time=45 id="q6" data-flag=true>
The situation at the health center is unacceptable: you sit in a crowded waiting room for hours waiting to get treatment for minor ailments. Then when it's your turn, you get about three minutes with an overworked doctor. I have two suggestions: first, the health center needs to hire more doctors so that each patient receives quality treatment. And as far as the wait time issue is concerned, the health center is currently open only Monday through Fridays, which means that people who get sick over the weekend wait until the following week to get treatment. So, opening the health center on weekends should solve that problem too.
Sincerely,
Megan Finch
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q6', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/f1fndj.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读


## TPO 27
### Switch to Electronic Textbooks
<div data-time=45 id="q7" data-flag=true>
The university will begin switching from traditional-bound textbooks to electronic textbooks early next year. University students will be able to download the content of their required textbooks to a reading device and read the material directly from the device's screen. While the cost of the device is around $200, it is a one-time expense. Considering the rising cost of textbooks, students will save money in the long run since purchasing electronic books for their classes is much less expensive than buying regular textbooks. Furthermore, the university believes the device will be an effective study aid because it is simple to operate and offers features such as highlighting of text and note-taking.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q7', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/61g12j.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读

## TPO 37
### Room Phones Are Unnecessary
<div data-time=45 id="q8" data-flag=true>
As part of the cost of student housing, students pay to have phones in their dormitory rooms. I think this is unnecessary, and the university should remove the phones from students' rooms. Room phones are not needed since students all have mobile phones we can use to make calls instead. Removing the room phones would also have a cost benefit for students, since we would save money if we didn't have to pay the cost of phone service for the rooms.
Sincerely, 
Brad Smith
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q8', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/71ewyj.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听
* **[6-4]** Maybe it's 'cause there are a lot of hills around here, but service doesn't work that ***well in this area***. A lot of times calls get cut off or the reception isn't good-

#### 精读

## TPO 39
### Start a Ride-sharing Program
<div data-time=45 id="q9" data-flag=true>
Students who live off-campus often get to campus by car. I propose that the university create a student ride-sharing program, where students who live in the same area would form groups of four with each group driving to campus together in one car. The ride-sharing program would benefit students as well as the environment. For the students, they would save money by driving to campus in groups instead of separately. And since there would be fewer cars going and coming from campus, there would be a positive impact on the environment.
Sincerely,
Jim Sears
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q9', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/91exoj.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>

#### 精听

* <u>**[7-1]**</u> It isn't much each time I fill the tank, but <u>**it adds up.**</u>

* <u>**[7-2]**</u> it's also the <u>**wear and tear on**</u> the car.

  大意：汽车本身的**磨损**也是。


#### 精读

## TPO 40
### University to Create a Lounge for Commuter Students
<div data-time=45 id="q10" data-flag=true>
Many students at our university do not live in dormitories. These students live in town or in the suburbs and travel to campus every day. The university has decided to provide these commuter students with a special lounge in the student center—with couches, chairs, and a television. University officials hope that this lounge—a place to socialize and relax—will give commuter students some of the same advantages that dormitory residents now have. An important additional feature of the lounge will be a bulletin board on the wall for posting and sharing information that may be especially useful to commuter students and their particular needs.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q10', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/f1ey0j.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读

## TPO 45
### Close the Coffeehouse
<div data-time=45 id="q11" data-flag=true>
Like many people, I was happy when the university opened a coffeehouse. A good coffeehouse is a perfect place to meet people or to study while having a coffee. Unfortunately, our coffeehouse is usually empty, so it's not a good place to meet people. And the lighting there is very poor, so it's not a good place to study, either. A coffeehouse seemed like a great idea, but it just hasn't worked out, and the time has come for the university to close it.
Sincerely, 
Marvin Baker
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q11', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/a1f02j.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读

## TPO 53
### University Announces Energy-Saving Plan
<div data-time=45 id="q12" data-flag=true>
University Announces Energy-Saving Plan
Out of concern for the environment, the university has announced an effort to reduce energy consumption. The energy saving measures will start at the library. One measure involves the library’s inside lighting: new overhead lights that use less power will be installed throughout the building. Another measure has to do with the temperature level in the library. The air-conditioning will be reduced on hot days, meaning that study areas will be kept somewhat warmer when it is hot outside.
</div>
<button onclick="autoHide('q12', this, false)">45s 自动隐藏</button>

<iframe src="https://toefl.kmf.com/listening/drilling/91m9vj.html" width="100%" height="600px"></iframe>


#### 精听


#### 精读



<script type="text/javascript">
	function autoHide(divId, btn, isImme) {
    var div =  $("#"+divId)
    var flag = div.data("flag")
    var time = div.data("time")

    function doHide()  {
    	clearInterval(interval)
      div.hide()
      div.data("flag", !flag)
    }
    
    if(flag) {
    	if (isImme) {
        doHide()
    	} else {
      	var tmp = time - 1
        function showLable() {
          btn.innerHTML = (tmp) + "s 后隐藏"
          div.data("key", tmp)
          tmp -= 1
        }
        var interval = setInterval(showLable, 1000)
        setTimeout(doHide, 45000)
    	}
    } else {
      div.show()
      div.data("flag", !flag)
    }
    }
</script>